feat: localization evaluator (#1066)
autowarefoundation/autoware.universe: localization/localization_evaluator/README.md

[Autoware Doc](https://autowarefoundation.github.io/autoware-documentation/main/installation/autoware/docker-installation/)

- Terminal 1

`cd src/launcher/autoware_launch`
`git checkout kitti_test`
`cd ../../..`
`colcon build --symlink-install --cmake-args -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release`
`source install/setup.bash`
`ros2 launch autoware_launch logging_simulator.launch.xml map_path:=PATH_OF_YOUR_MAP vehicle_model:=sample_vehicle sensor_model:=sample_sensor_kit vehicle:=false system:=false map:=true sensing:=true localization:=true perception:=false planning:=false control:=false`

- New Terminal 2

`source ~/autoware/install/setup.bash`
`ros2 launch autoware_launch kitti_static.launch.py`

- New Terminal 3

`source ~/autoware/install/setup.bash`
`ros2 bag play PATH_TO_ROS2BAG/ros2_bag.db3 --qos-profile-overrides-path qos.yaml -d 3`

- New Terminal 4

`source ~/autoware/install/setup.bash`
`ros2 service call /rosbag2_player/toggle_paused rosbag2_interfaces/srv/TogglePaused`

- Go to Rviz of Terminal 1, set an intial pose, when Terminal 1 output `Alignment called`, go to Terminal 4 and rerun the last command. Then you are good to go.

> Check the link below for a video demonstration. [Sample Video](https://github.com/orgs/autowarefoundation/discussions/334)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the link below for a video demonstration. [Sample Video](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware/discussions/2618)
```
